Description of workflow

	Define bake targets

		Each bake target can have multiple variants with individual image textures and UV maps.
		If a bake target with only one variant needs painting, that variant still needs to be defined.

		Bake targets that are mirrorable can also be defined and in that case, only the primary target
		will be baked and the secondary target will have its UV coordinates mirrored (we may need to select U or V axis here).

		Here we can also define bake groups which are targets that should be baked together.

	Create work meshes (for all bake targets or the specific selected one)

		Bake targets are used to define work meshes in the Baking scene.
		Here the artist can define their own seams and their own UV unwrap to ensure high fidelity.
		If the target already exists, only the vertex coordinates are synchronized so that
		seams and such are kept. A check is done that topology is matching.
		The artist must not change the topology, if they do, we will log an error upon validating.

		The artist can also adjust normals here which is important for the ambient occlusion.


	Create work materials

		Material for baking / painting
		Material for preview

		Materials can be synchronized from the bake targets if they need to be updated.


	Perform baking

		Data validation is first run to ensure everything is ok.
		If things are ok we start baking all the targets.



Workflow panel

	Bake targets
		Validate targets			frame.validate_targets

	Texture atlas
		Auto assign atlas			frame.auto_assign_atlas
		Pack UV islands				frame.pack_uv_islands

	Work meshes
		Update selected				frame.update_selected_workmesh
		Update all					frame.update_all_workmeshes

	Work materials
		Update selected				frame.update_selected_material
		Update all					frame.update_all_materials
		Switch to baking			frame.switch_to_bake_material
		Switch to preview			frame.switch_to_preview_material

	Baking
		Bake selected				frame.bake_selected
		Bake all					frame.bake_all




↓↓ older notes ↓↓

Initially there is a source scene.
In this scene we have some objects, some of them may have shapekeys.
Some shapekeys may be named in a specific way to indicate certain settings in the bake target list.

The bake target list is the main repository that decides what we should bake and how it should be exported in the glb.


An artist will define the bake targets based on technical requirements.
Once those bake targets have been defined we can create representations of them in a new scene.
At this point we will also create materials for baking and previewing.

These materials can be updated if we decide to add a handpainted texture to something.
But this will just be a helper that creates a default texture for the artist.
They could create the texture themselves and link it when setting up the bake target, such as when we
use the already drawn eyes for instance.

If a bake target is a mirror, then only the primary target is created.
Here we have a potential problem in case we say that something should not be a mirror anymore, then we need to create the other part of it.
We could also have not had a mirror and then opted to have a mirror.
To properly address this we need to know the current state and the wanted state. Here is a potential problem also in that
we could lose information such as carefully done UV-unwraps or similar.



In this new scene we are free to manipulate the UVs of those bake targets, such as marking seams, doing unwraps, projections etc.


We also need the tools to help with the normals.